---
layout: post
title:  "Day 6: Revision of Schedule & Coronoa Coding Project"
date:   2020-03-24 00:02:17 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Dear Diary,

I woke up late today and felt bad about myself. Instead of letting it get to me, I created a new plan for myself. I will start waking up early, setting timers, and hit my goals. I think I get distracted easily by my side projects. For example, I spent nearly 4-6 hours editing free graduation photos for my friend! That sucks a lot of time out of my day. 

My goals: 
1. Wake up at 8am
2. Exercise 10-30 minutes
3. Study 2-3 hours 
4. Read / Get inspired 20-30 minutes
5. Code 20-60 minutes

I know I probably won't be able to keep up with the simple requirements the first couple of days, but I'm still going to try. It's really important that I take care of myself right, because I'm going to be living with myself for the rest of my life. I know I'm not who I want to be at the moment, and I'm not going to let that stop me. 

I also made up yesterday's bad grades by going to Zoom office hour with another friend to figure out what went wrong with our project. We got a few things figured out, but ultimately, I should go back and re-learn things. Honestly, I want to do well in this class, but I'm also stressed about grades to the point that it's distracting me from learning even though I should not be. The defaults are credit / no credit!

I think I got most of my mind set straight at the end of the day though. Since I've been checking coronavirus updates almost every day for Virginia through the NY post and the Washington Post and keeping track of the numbers. I thought it would be nice to build a webscraper that I could run in the background so that the data will be tracked for me every night at 11:59pm, just in case I feel to tired to check for myself. Even though it was simple, it made me proud to have built a useful personal project, and to simply intiate a project in a field that I deal with confidence and skill issues.

Sincerely,

Emily