---
layout: post
title:  "Day 8: CMU MHCI Orientation"
date:   2020-03-26 00:01:07 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Dear Diary,

I woke up early today! I had to because I wanted to attend the CMU Orientation for MHCI students. I'm glad I stuck around the whole day from 9am to 6pm! I got a chance to hear some eye-opening presentations. Honestly, I think I would fit right in due their dedication to imagination and quality. Even though I was waitlisted, I'm so glad they treated us the same, giving us all sorts of information to make our decision easier. 

We were given quick introductions to Nicole Willis and Skip, who were both eager to answer questions and practiced what they preached, which was to design an amazing experience for onboarders and waitlisters- anyone qualified and with interest. I enjoyed hearing from Jessica Hammer, who is a professor with a focus on learning science, on the potential for games. So much of current psychology literature has to do with the impact of violence from video games, and it was refreshing to hear a different take on them. For example, video games could help us connect with one another better such as with Deadbolt, where players are prompted to ask the stranger they knew least in the room. We also got to hear about Geoff Kauff, an assistant professor with a focus on social psychology interventions. I learned about some cool card games like Buffalo that are not only fun but also try to bring our own biases into awareness. Nick Martalero also gave us a closer look into how companies and universities are bridging the gap to create smart, physical technology such as autonomous vehicles, using Wizard of Oz techniques to gather data, too. John Zimmerman also gave us a huge run down of the core curriculum, highlighting the need to focus on small things to change with big impact in the service design discipline. Overall, the experience was really awesome. Even if I don't make it in this year, I have plenty of material and advice to work off of try again or succeed somewhere else. 

Also on the upside, our members met again and we were able to figure out what to fix and got better feedback from the TAs. Still, I asked for an extension while we were waiting just in case we didn't hear back from the professor.

In addition, after sitting around the whole day, I worked on my push ups. I have a feeling that my core is actually okay, but my arms are too weak to support myself. I felt oddly competitive seeing an old friend do a push up so perfectly the other day. I thought, "since I have nothing to do, I might as well try to get in some good push ups before I die." I recorded my intial push ups and my practice ones. They were both pretty bad, but at least I tried and got around 100 wall push ups in. 

I didn't hit all my daily goals today either but I got pretty close to 4/5. I woke up at 9am instead of 8am and didn't code. I'm actually thinking about moving my script off my own server and onto AWS. In addition, I'm thinking about making a simple React App doing an email subscription service where people can get daily emails about their state. 

Sincerely,

Emily