---
layout: post
title:  "Day 20: Adapting & Schoolwork"
date:   2020-04-08 00:23:59 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Dear Diary,

I woke up early around 9am today and went on a jog around 9:30am. Even though I didn't run nearly as far or as long as I'm used to, it felt so good to be outside getting some fresh air. I feel like my mind and focus was clearer when I got back. It seems that every time something detectable in my life changes such as my sister coming over or even when Pauline had to leave, it takes around a week for me to adapt. I was starting to do well with exercising, studying, reading, and coding until last Thursday. Only now, it feels like I'm just picking things back up. Although I love my sister's company, I feel as if I unconciously pick up her habits instead of running on my own. I wish she loved to exercise and go outside like me. I also wonder if it has to do with empathy or if I'm easily influenced? Regardless, I think I will improve just because I know now. 

Overall, I started the day well. I started losing myself a bit when it was time to catch up on homework, but I think the night ended well. I ended up finishing the last chapter of Yuval's 21 Lessons for the 21st Century. It really made me think about my own approach to narratives and the narratives around me. Somehow, it made me feel good on a personal level knowing that someone else out there also feels skeptical by the stories that people feed them. Life really isn't that simple and values such as sacrifice or even family can seem so arbitrary in the great span of things. I think just like him, I'm starting to accept that the only moment that I can live in is now. Therefore, I will try to understand myself better and reflect.

On the same note, despite failing some of my long-term goals, I have been consistently wearing my retainers and flossing. I think today is the first day that my gums did not bleed, not even a little bit! In addition, I think my teeth are moving back to where they were right after I got my braces. It's nice because these little things don't feel like something I need motivation to do rather than as a habit. I sincerely wish that I can enjoy other things such as exercise, eating healthy, coding, and reading just as easily one day. 

Sincerely,

Emily