---
layout: post
title:  "Day 1: Quarantine Plan"
date:   2020-03-19 00:10:45 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Dear Diary,

Today was a great day of productivity despite social distancing. I used a time-management
chart with four different quadrants divided by "urgent" vs. "non-urgent" and "important"
vs. "non-important" to organize tasks. The method is from "7 Habits of Highly Effective People"
by Stephen R. Covey. By doing so, I was able to focus my attention on what what needed to be done
such as meeting homework deadlines while adding in time for personal development items like
exercise and personal project. I even developed this website! 

For full disclosure, I've been isolating myself in Charlottesville for nearly a week now, 
but I'm counting day one starting from the first day of online classes. The coronavirus
started to hit hard around 3/12 and I've been adapting- mostly with cleaning, packing, 
and Facetiming my sister. So far, I've been getting a bunch of emails from school apologizing 
the inconveniences and revamped and re-revamped syllabi from professors. 

Honestly, it's been confusing times. I've been dealing with it pretty well for the most part.
I've been trained to be resilient from a young age with unavoidable circumstances such as
the ones with my family. Sometimes, I still feel lonely and sad. I don't have many close friends
that live near me because I wasn't integrated in people's social circles long enough. In 
addition, the breakup hit me kind of hard because we share so many friends. I guess I'm not 
as fun to be around? Either way, it's been hard social distancing because I miss friends to
share experiences and laughs with, but I'm also doing well because I always find something fun 
to do- with or without friends.

Tomorrow, I hope to finish more of my tasks like finishing "The Color of Law," editing photos, and
redoing the theme and look of this site. I'm dreading to work on Databases because I haven't 
reviewed the material in awhile. Please wish me the strength and determination to get through
everything!

Sincerely,

Emily