---
layout: post
title:  "Day 15: Sister's Slam Dunk & Jekyll Theme"
subtitle: "The meaning of sisterhood and coding"
date:   2020-04-03 00:23:59 -0400
background: '/img/posts/day-15.jpg'
---

Dear Diary,

I stayed indoors today mostly due to pollen. I finsihed up some homework and spent the rest of the day cooking and watching television with my sister. She showed me a nice Korean variety TV show that was about stars from all over the industry coming together to form a girl group. At first, I didn't know how to feel about it and even the people on the show felt awkward. As the show progressed, I started liking them more due to their different personalities and dreams. It made me want to live my own life a little more boldly, too and try out things that I normally wouldn't try out.

Also, I figured out how to change the theme of this jekyll blog! I'm ready to put in really cute pictures. However, I'm not really sure how to decorate these posts just yet. I think if I fill in 5 images a day for posts, I can catch up in around 4 days. 

Overall, today wasn't bad, but I should definitely get more work done. I really want to read books more and have a good understanding of databases so that I can flesh out my project on COVID-19. Honestly, I am proud of what I have accomplished so far. I just have two last big hurdles to go through: put data in DynamoDB & webscrape from the database. I think I'm going to build a functional scraper first and the connect the database to Amazon. Goodnight!


Sincerely,

Emily