---
layout: post
title:  "Day 10: Cleaning, Trader Joes, & Photography"
date:   2020-03-28 00:23:58 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Dear Diary,

I went out to buy some food- first time in nearly two weeks. It feels really good to be able to see other life forms again. Also, the weather has been nice this weekend. I decided to make full use of my time by going out to shop, take out the trash, and photograph. Trader Joe's did a good job implementing social distancing and limiting the amount of people in the store. All the sanitization and regulations made me feel safe. When I went to photograph myself for "graduation"; it was really fun, but I should have used a smaller aperture to help the lens focus. Overall, here are some of my better[photos][https://adobe.ly/3bzL58O].

I didn't fulfill my habit goals today either. It seems like that my exercise is already a solidly developed habit though. I think reading and slowing getting there and maybe with coding, too, but waking up early and actually studying has been pushed aside even though they are also important for me to do. I think waking up early will help me add time in my day to do other things such as coding. 

Right now, it seems like I wake up around 11am and feel too sleepy to do anything at 12am. This means that there is 13 hours of my waking day. During the 12 hours, I usually spend an hour eating and another two hours doing other maintenance things such as washing dishes, taking out trash, or even pooping. I use around another two hour to do urgent tasks such as paying bills, writing mini reflections, or attend group work zoom meetings. This leaves me around 8 hours. I think I spend like 2-4 hours on instagram or watching Tik Tok. In the end, I really have like five hours to code? I should try tracking what I do tomorrow. I really want to know where is my time going and what is consuming the most of my time. I also tend to lose track of time when I edit photos. Instead of setting a timer for myself, I think I will set a stopwatch, so I know how long I take to edit photos. 

Sincerely,

Emily