---
layout: post
title:  "Day 2: First Zoom Class & Hiking"
date:   2020-03-20 00:10:45 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Dear Diary,

Today wasn't the best, but I did make the best out of it. For example, I woke up at 12pm instead of my planned 10am. This made it hard for me to keep a schedule. In addition, I only did one task on my list of to-dos. I think it was because I misplanned a hike and finally meal prepped after nearly a week of delay. All three of these things really consumed my time. I have to say, it's been a pretty fun Friday.

In more detail, my hike was to Ragged Mountain Area, which was advertised as a 5.6 mile trip around a large reservoir. I had initially planned to walk it yesterday, but had to come back in fear of a sudden thunderstorm that would have left me trapped in a dangerously, muddy steep trail and the wooden floors wet because I left the windows open in the morning. The hike was deceptively long and rocky. Going around the lake took me nearly 3 hours instead of the 2 hours that I planned. The hike had narrow trails and not-so-smooth paths or too-smooth paths covered in leaves. I got lost four times, three of which was from the 5th mile marker because of confusing signage that sometimes pointed to paths and sometimes didn't. There were also a lack of tree markers, too. Luckily, I had a lot of battery on my phone and used the AllTrails app to find the right path. I guess the Monticello-Saunders trail set my expectations high. I should have paid more attention to the reviews and warnings. Still, it was pretty and enjoyable. The lake was a emerald-blue color and the weather was just right- warm, partly sunny, with no mosquitos!

I was so hungry when I got back, so I ended up meal prepping. I roasted some brussel sprouts and parsnips. Honestly, the food at Wegmans are expensive, but they last a long time. (I neglected these parsnips for at least three weeks at this point, but they tasted pretty fresh- maybe like a week old if it were Kroger brand.) During the prep, I also watched "The Farewell," which was a film that hit me in the feels with it's theme of identity struggle as a Chinese American. It was nice being able to turn away from the screen and be able to understand both Chinese and English dialogue. The most delicious part of my meal prep was my rice. I ended up using up some ingredients such as quinoa, dried seaweed, chia seeds, leftover taco meat from my roommates, who had to suddenly leave due to coronavirus and are not coming back for an indefinite amount of time. I combined them with my chicken broth, parsnips, soy sauce, and mirin. It tasted so good. I don't know how many calories it is, but I do know that all these ingredients sit right with my sensitive stomach. 

Anyways, I think I'm going to read "Color of the Law" tomorrow and hangout with Jialin for a brief period. Even though I've been feeling really good and carefree today, I do want to be able to clear all my tasks by the time the weekend is over. Maybe I'll even have time to add in a picture or two. 

Signing off,

Emily