---
layout: post
title:  "Day 26: Exercised and Made a Revelation"
subtitle: "I think I discovered the art of parenting myself."
date:   2020-04-14 00:23:59 -0400

---

Dear Diary,

I continued my ab workout today. It was definitely harder to do because my abs were sore from two days ago, but I did it anyways. I'm proud for getting some fresh air and exercising. I definitely feel tired by night time because of this. I think I will sleep well tonight.

In addition, I think I discovered why it's hard to motivate and parent myself during this quarantine. From a fun TeamViewer call with my sister to watch The Good Doctor, I realized that my internal voice sounded awfully like my mom and dad. Although they have driven me to do and accomplish a lot of things in life, some of what they say is not the best way to parent well. I realized that a lot of internal dialogue to get me to do things such as cleaning, exercising, or coding can sound almost aggressive and not open to argument- quite like how dad often chides me. 

In addition, a lot of inner dialogue that tells me to indulge myself sounds like mom, who lets me get away with a lot of things. While I certainly like the feeling of accomplishment and improvement, I think I can be nicer to myself- make myself slow down and provide alternatives and compromises when I feel myself push back and not avoid them all together. In addition, instead of criticizing my random and fun decisions such as eating cereal at 11pm, I can channel the impulse to another alternative and/or indulge on a smaller quantity- gently remind myself of the other goals and habits I'm trying to establish.

Sincerely,

Emily