---
layout: post
title:  "Day 29: Zoom Art Session"
subtitle: "I hosted my first Zoom session with friends today."
date:   2020-04-17 00:23:59 -0400

---

Dear Diary,

I'll be honest. I've been feeling slightly low even though I have been doing better this week. In fact, I found time to cook, read books, and work on coding projects with the help of Elise and Sophia. I guess everyone else must be feeling the same way, so during some downtime tonight, I hosted a Zoom session with the Meme Squad. It was nice hearing about how everyone was doing. Pauline seems to be up to doing crafts and Vivien and Ben have been consistently working out and finishing school work. I did feel a sense of dread when they asked me what my plan was if I didn't get into CMU. Honestly, I've been just couching on getting off the waitlist and asking X-Mode for a position if things don't work out. It got me thinking negatively about how I should have done more coding work and go back to the basic algorithms or perhaps do Leetcode. At the same time, I feel like there's something in me that's rejecting those ideas, too. Anyways, the thoughts disappeared and we ended up making a cereal tier list and Zoom Whiteboarding a bunch of things. I even introduced them to Shindanmaker, a funny website that will give you random attributes based on an input of name. 

On another note, I've been leaving my phone in another room because I have the bad habit of staying up late with it too long. So far, it has helped me. Without the presence of my phone, I found my ability to floss my teeth has increased, too. It seems that when I did have my phone at night, I started ignoring basic routines for the instant gratification of comics. Another self-health improvement thing I've been adopting is raising my arms up for wall slides almost every morning and night. I can feel the muscles on my shoulder and back growing. 

Sincerely,

Emily