---
layout: post
title:  "Day 30: 5K and Sister Hangout"
subtitle: "I started running again and it felt great."
date:   2020-04-18 00:23:59 -0400

---

Dear Diary,

It's been a month since quarantine. I think the biggest lesson for me is that I don't need to keep my life so busy to be happy. I think for a long time, I followed a false notion of always trying to do things. Although competition and looking around me for social comparison has kept me afloat through some dark times, I think it's not always healthy mindset to have when the environment is already better. Due to my constant movement from class to clubs and back, I started neglecting basic daily routines because I was too tired to care. I find that as I take care of myself during quarantine, good habits are coming back such as consistently wearing retainers, flossing teeth, exercising, eating healthy, sleeping 8-10 hours, and keeping the house clean. Still, it's been hard building these habits back together because I had neglected them for so long.

I also had an inkling as to the other reason why I kept myself busy: I don't like to study CS. CS is honestly hard and time-consuming. Like exercising, there are certain aspects of it that I like such as the UI/UX research, which I equate to running. It's a good workout and need less motivation to do because I already have some built up muscles in that area. On the other hand, I am pretty terrible with logic and figuring out puzzles by myself. It's just not something that I have built in my repetoire over the years, so everything is a new connection. This is very much how I think of arm exercises or even doing the push-ups. I'm not good at it, so I'm not interested, and I'm not interested in it because I know I'll be playing a long game of catch-up. 

Anyways, for today, I ran a 5k around Grounds. It felt really refreshing. I only stopped once around JPA! I was surprised how much my muscles retained even though I stopped my half marathon training around a month ago? In addition, running this route so smoothly felt so good because it's not something that I had ever done before! I have attempted this run for a few summers, but nothing came out of it. Also, I ended the day with a nice call to my sister. 


Sincerely,

Emily