---
layout: post
title:  "Day 17: Late Rise & Midnight Snacking"
subtitle: "I keep staying up late and I've started to binge"
date:   2020-04-05 00:23:59 -0400
background: '/img/posts/day-17.jpg'
---

Dear Diary,

Today was pretty unhealthy. I woke up late and then also ended up snacking a lot at night. I think staying with my sister pressures me into doing more mind-numbing things such as watching movies than I usually do. Staying with another person somehow influences me to do things that I normally wouldn't be doing because I feel like I have to be free to do something with them? Also, it's making me sleep very late. I think I'm going to make a sleeping timer around 10:30pm so that I go to bed and we both don't incentivize the other person to sleep late.

Hopefully, I can also start an ab workout and exercise tomorrow. It's definitely going to be tricky mostly because I lost a good few hours of sleep. Still, I think not expending my energy makes me stay up later than I normally do and in a worse mood. I think I'll also work on making django and celery work together if I have time. My priority will be: finish homework which includes poetry letters, pay attention to lectures, and exercise tomorrow. I may also have to grocery shop later because having one more person in the house depletes my supplies twice as quick. 

Anyways, hopefully this week will be better. I can't believe it's almost been three week since quarantine. It still feels like a dream or a vacation. It really is a blessing that I have so much time to think about and work towards what I want to be doing. I need to take a better grasp on time.


Sincerely,

Emily