---
layout: post
title:  "Day 7: Poetry, Picking up Exercise, and Midnight Dancing"
date:   2020-03-25 00:01:07 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Dear Diary,

It has officially been a week since self-quarantining in Charlottesville. I haven't even really thought about this fact until I sat down and started typing. I'm in awe of the highs and lows that I've felt. I think I'm just beginning to figure out a schedule that works for purely me. I didn't realize how many social cues I relied on to help me get through the day and get things done until this situation. 

Again, I started the day waking up late. I finished some poetry letters for classmates and then jumped straight into 4 hours worth of lectures. Perhaps, the estimate is a little high. After all, I was eating, pooping, and doing homework for other classes while the lecture was going. On one hand, it was nice skipping over boring parts, but on the other hand, I am worried that maybe I'm missing important information. 

I think I will have to redo my notes over the weekend. Anyways, I felt really proud of crafting a really good version of my [poem][poetry-link]! I wrote it about a story that Dad once told me, and I just can't let go of. Hopefully, the class likes it. I know I get verbose and go the extra mile with descriptions at times. Even though this is a "useless" class persay, it's been helping me relax and giving me something fun to do- exactly the same feeling as when I was webscraping for the first time! 

The rest of my day was very pale in comparison. I watched some tik toks, and laid on my bed a lot. In the back of my head, I kept thinking: there has to be an easier way to trick myself into exercsing more! So far, I haven't cracked the formula, but I think going cold turkey for morning exercise every day inside first might help. I'll add in running time when the weather is warm. For now, the default should be inside exercise.

At the end of the day, when I couldn't hold in my guilt anymore, I pushed myself to exercise with a new app I discovered called "Fit On," which lets me have exercises from a variety of instructors and gives me a custom plan based on my available time and preference. After moving around and feeling good, I actually ended up binging on dance videos and tried to dance myself. It felt really awkward and before I knew it, 10:30pm turned into 1:21am. 


Good night!

Sincerely,

Emily

[poetry-link]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DBvZ5uffFu6J-t_c33mYJRMK-rxKB81I74SQIf8LfV8/edit?usp=sharing