---
layout: post
title:  "Day 43: What does it mean to be aliv?"
subtitle: "I've been jumpstarting my life again."
date:   2020-05-01 00:23:59 -0400

---

Dear Diary,

A lot of what I do is based on momentum. If I keep something going for awhile, it gets easier to do. However, it's the same when I stop doing things. I think stopping exercise for a week and a half was a poor decision on my part even if I was stressed and busy. Now, it's harder to get out bed and feel happy. It feels like my capacity to reach happiness have grown a lot more, and things like exercise had been keeping me at a "content" level.

Maybe it's because I was watching a YouTube video about how to feel happy, I started realizing just how unhappy that I was. I don't think I've had a super happy moment in a long time. The last happiest memory that I could vividly imagine was my Japan trip out of my many years that I've been alive. I'm sure there's more, but nothing felt as meaningful as that one due to brevity in things such as friendships. Even my most happiest memory, is tainted with a lot of sadness. I think it's time to log more happiness in my life and practicing thinking happy. I think even without quarantine, this was a reality that I would have to face. Idk, it's really getting to me that every day I'm laying on the bed for 12 hours and then procrastinating on hw and other self-improvement stuff. I would get so annoyed that I would drown myself in some self-improvement videos and consume so much flashing videos. 

I wonder if I'm going through a coffee withdrawal? I think I'll try to finish my psych project ASAP, so I can spend the rest of my time solving my other problems. It might actually be time to call CAPS.


Sincerely,

Emily