---
layout: post
title:  "Day 42: When you can't remember..."
subtitle: "I think I'm slowly entering a dark hole, and I need to figure out how to get out before I'm in too deep."
date:   2020-04-30 00:23:59 -0400

---

Dear Diary,

I finished a long exam today. I thought it would feel like a long sigh of relief, but instead I just felt more empty. Everything is so different and there are so many future things that I dread. Somewhere in my heart, I want to be a software engineer to prove people wrong. I want to get into a big company and make everyone proud. Somehow, I also keep telling myself that I'm not enough to the point that it's hindering me to keep going. I think looking around me, it feels like I really am not going to make it. 

I picked up Cracking the Coding Interview today and the guilt and shame made me read a few chapters. I tried some Leetcode again, but ended up stumbling really badly. It kind of made me feel worse you know? Four years of CS, and I still can't solve basic problems. I just feel really crappy about myself. However, I did notice that when I went at my own pace, things felt better. I could at least get further with problems than when I had to think about deadlines. In addition, I the book helped me learn how to solve and think. I think I will buy myself a journal, so that I can learn my data structures and algorithms the right way this time. I've come to realize that skimping out on resources isn't a good idea. It's better to have these high quality tools to get to wear I want instead of purely messing around with the lower quality stuff. It's kind of like how I learned tennis with good rackets.


Sincerely,

Emily