---
layout: post
title:  "Day 14: Ashley Came Over"
subtitle: "I was tired of living like a hermit, so I called her over."
date:   2020-04-02 00:23:05 -0400
background: '/img/posts/day-14.jpg'
---

Dear Diary,

The weather was beautiful today and my sister came to stay a week with me. I think I'm going to try my best to set a good example- one filled with exercise, healthy food, and quiet hobbies. It's nice having companionship after so many weeks without human contact. It definitely makes doing dishes a little bit easier. I am worried about mom though. I can't even contact her and I feel bad leaving her alone. On the other hand, I do worry about Ashley a lot. It's not healthy growing up in a small space with constant noise and shouting. I think it will be better for her to have some quiet here to enjoy. I don't know. Am I selfish to take her for the week? 

Anyways, during the evening, we went out to play tennis with Jialin and Abhi. Well, it turned into me playing with the other three as Ashley watched. I feel like it's such a bad mindset that she has for not opening up. It's probably a front that she puts on because she doesn't want to embarass herself? Perhaps I should just take it as what she tells me, which is that she doesn't enjoy tennis. It's such a shame because sports has brought both me, dad, and so many people around the world joy. Regardless, I wanted both of us to have a good time, so I didn't pester her too much. Still, I encouraged her to hit around with us. In the future, I don't think she'll hate tennis or at least I hope not. 

Anyways, I mostly did cleaning around the house to mom's incessant shouting and lectures. Then I spent the evening playing tennis. After that, I cooked some meals with the new and old ingredients laying around the house. I think it turned out pretty nice. Also, my new post on instagram of myself got almost 100 likes. I feel accomplished. 


Sincerely,

Emily