---
layout: post
title:  "Day 23: Skipped a day"
subtitle: "Trying to figure out what's wrong"
date:   2020-04-11 00:23:59 -0400

---

Dear Diary,

I'm not really sure what I did on this particular day. I willingly and unwillingly forgot this day's entry because I didn't do anything that I was proud of. I think I even cried because it felt like everyone was having Zoom sessions with their friends, and I thought I kinda failed my college expectations to make really close friends. The only emotional conclusion I was drawing was that I wasn't important enough to be invited and that everything had become awkward once my relationship with Joseph ended. I felt like all my close friends are much closer to him than me, and I could feel myself drifting away from them. 

Luckily, I got some sleep and the following day, which I am writing this journal entry from, made me feel better. Although I felt lonely, I reached out to some people for movie recommendations. I still have control over who I want to be friends, and I certainly don't need group Wushu Zoom sessions for me to extrapolate that I am still a worthy friend. Besides, friendship is a two-way friendship, so I also need to put in some work, even though it might be a little bit unconventional? Of course, I'm around 80% over the breakup. I still have some bitter and affectionate feelings left to sort out. It's certainly hard when the feelings headbutts with each other. Anyways, I think I'm still a really cool person with lots to do.

All in all, I spent this day readjusting myself emotionally. I'm learning to read my own moods and factors that affect my productivity. For example, talking with friends make me really productive, but sometimes really stressed depending on if it's in an academic social circle. In addition, I tend to feel over emotional when it's near my period, which I think will happen within this week. Furthermore, good exercise helps me sleep better and be more stable. I think I start picking up self-destructive habits when I don't get enough exercise- probably due to the pent up energy. Despite everything, I'm proud of myself. 

Sincerely,

Emily