---
layout: post
title:  "Day 22: Poetry and No Tech"
subtitle: "Spent the day revising poetry and off social media"
date:   2020-04-10 00:23:59 -0400
background: '/img/posts/day-22.jpg'
---

Dear Diary,

I started the day off a little badly again. I went to bed too late yesterday, and got up around 10am, but didn't start my day until 11am. Once I got up though, I felt better. I casted my phone aside for most of the day, sang some silly songs, and then worked on my poetry. It was really fun going back to the poetry that I had written at the start of the semester and revise them. I know I improved because of how heavily I was revising the paragraph- cutting and adding, trying stanzas here and there. 

Oh, and then I went to read some Robert Frost Poems, which made me feel deeply sad and glad that someone could pinpoint some of my own feelings. I wonder if poetry's purpose is to free people from their sadness? After feeling emotionally wrought, I free-wrote some thoughts. In turn, I felt charged up- I feel like I could conquer the world. Surprisingly, it was a similar feeling although not quite as happy as the feeling of when I exercise, which I have neglected this week. Whoops. 

I think quaratining is really affecting me even though I don't want to admit it. It seems that when I lose people around me, I lose my own senses of time and purpose. I think I should craft a better purpose first and learn to keep track of time better. I never knew that so much of my own success depended on outside pressure, oddly which keeps me anxious but also afloat at the same time. When it's just by myself, it feels as though I ran out of fuel, strained too far for letting people sit in me so that they can get to where they are, until I lose sight of my own destination. I guess right now, it's my rerouting period. I shall come back stronger. There is one month left of school. I can do it.

Sincerely,

Emily