---
layout: post
title:  "Day 9: CMU, GWC, Badminton & Covid tracker"
date:   2020-03-25 00:01:07 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Dear Diary,

The CMU orientation wrapped up today, and it was really awesome being able to attend the meetings. Today, we got to talk to the students and learn more about their own perspective of their honest feelings about the program. Despite the expense, I do feel like industry connections and project porfolio pieces are valuable, especially when big companies actively recruit from such universities. 

Immediately afterwards, I went hop on a call with GWC girls to see what was up. After filling the whole day with Zoom calls, I was exhausted. I forgot how fun it was to simply chat with people even about the mundane things in life. Later, I went to play badminton with Jialin and Abhi again. We complained and chatted about our respective clubs and what we are going to do next year.

Finally, I got home and scrolled through Tik Toks. I realized that I have this habit of going on my phone to passively watch mind-numbing videos when I'm stressed out about something. Usually, it takes a load off of me if I watch maybe an hour's worth. However, I do feel a sense of "maybe I should be doing something else" when I start to hit the two to three hour mark. I think I need to set timers when I decide to do things like that.

Of course, I always think that I'm going to end my day until I get sparks of inspiration. I would like to try a business-like or fun-wear photoshoot with myself inside. I also want to try working on push-ups and film a progression video more- except that my arms were really sore from doing a little bit more than 100 wall push-ups yesterday. Also, I think I'm going to create a Django App for an custom email subscriber to covid-19 case numbers for a state. I'm planning to store people's emails in DynamoDB and perhaps use Lightrails as a webserver to spin up a constant webscrape on the CDC's website. 

Good night. I'm actually going to sleep early!

Sincerely,

Emily